# PTSD-Prediction-Tool
Visual, auditory and other details about the mood of patient, directly measured and quantified through signals can be used to improve the consistency, sensitivity, nature, scalability, and somehow diagnosis of clinical assessment. In previous researches and works visuals and auditory signs of the patient have already been used for the purpose of clinical diagnosis, treatment, and to predict other disease related things of the patient. In this project, we will try to analyze how clinical features from image, audio, video, and other textual data captured can be used to predict the symptoms of PTSD (Post-traumatic stress disorder) by using Machine Learning and deep neural Networks algorithms and methods. We will capture one or two month’s data of the patients of PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder), to train the model developed by us. Later on, that trained model will help us to predict, whether the patient whose data is recently entered has PTSD or not. Our major goal of this project is to increase the efficiency of previously developed models/screens/software for prediction purpose.  Results &amp; Methods: Captured dataset of patients will be used with Machine Learning and Deep Neural Networks, to utilize and extract facial features of emotions, intensity, &amp;other signs like movements’ parameters, search and natural language content (audio, video, text, and image) processing. This captured data will be used as input and the output will be the results showing which patient have PTSD &amp; which does not.
